DOCS-895: Add note on simultaneous config edits (#1442)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/manage/configuration.md

Regardless of the mode you choose, Viam stores the configuration file in [JSON (JavaScript Object Notation)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON).

{{< alert title="Simultaneous config edits" color="caution" >}}

> If you edit a config while someone else edits the same config, the person who saves last will overwrite any other changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you edit a config while someone else edits the same config, the person who saves last will overwrite any prior changes.
```
(opt. Maybe this clarification could be useful) 
/ past / any past / previous?

Author: ```suggestion
If you edit a config while someone else edits the same config, the person who saves last will overwrite any prior changes that aren't reflected in the new config.
```
